feat(fix): Revised wording in Remnant Cognizance 2 that were mis-interpreted. (#11115)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/remnant/remnant 2 cognizance.txt

			`	"Because we are in the midst of war, and located in an actively hazardous part of the galaxy. We, as a people, need to make countless thousands of on-the-spot decisions every day. If we had to reach a consensus for every troop movement, expedition, or resource allocation we would be overwhelmed within days." She stops speaking, and another Remnant picks up the explanation.`
			`	"By the same token, prefects can be killed, or overloaded. Having as much decision making as possible handled by the Remnant as a group reduces our vulnerability to assassination strikes, and helps protect our prefects from burning out under the responsibility. On the flip side, it also protects our society from becoming an autocracy where one powerful person or small group makes all the decisions."`
			label missionchoice

> 			`	The Remnant become still and look at you. "So, will you take this mission?"`

Reviewer: I think here I prefer the revised wording from #11114:
```suggestion
			`	The Remnant stop and look at you. "So, will you take this mission?"`
```
Your choice though

Reviewer 2: If the idea is to keep still as a descriptor I think the suggestion I made is fine.
